bizarre and freakish I'm sure you'll
agree however there is a very good
reason why I'm holding this hugely
distorting magnifying glass I'm using it
to look at Suzuki's big new bike the 90s
have been the designer decade and
motorcycles have had a makeover being
fast wasn't good enough anymore you had
to be beautiful too and hang the
aerodynamics but for their new bikes
Suzuki of sac the designers and hired a
winter boy is he totally it's called the
gsx 1300 our Hayabusa it ain't gonna win
any beauty contests but you know what
they say you don't look at the
mantelpiece when you park in the fire
so check it out boys and girls because
this is the fastest production bike in
the world ever this is what it feels
like
folks these are the big numbers so pay
attention there will be a test thirteen
hundred cc's 163 brake horsepower
one hundred foot-pounds of torque at
7000 rpm not sixty two point seven five
seconds York's 140 ten seconds Suzuki
acclaim in a top speed of 194 miles an
hour but you know I definitely saw that
needle pointing it 200 and boy did it
feel good which is wonderful but
completely irrelevant because the
Hayabusa
is a road bike it has been designed
built and sold to be ridden on the road
at slightly saner speech
you'll expect the Hayabusa to be a right
handful a fire-breathing saya splitting
tarmac melting monster and it's nothing
of the sort
the power is delivered smoothly and
progressively it's a beautifully
followed by quite long but it's easy to
turn the brakes bike hard and strong but
without Graham is not nearly as intense
but just as quick as a race replica and
quite a bit more comfortable there is a
motorcycle for a sort of biker who's
been there done that and bonded t-shirts
this is an instant classic media
attention will inevitably focus on the
200 mile an hour top speed but that is
only a small if highly enjoyable parts
of the whole story so that just leaves
the money what do you reckon fifteen
twenty twenty-five thousand no eight
thousand two hundred miles an hour for
eight grand it's gonna be a bargain but
it is uglier than a fighter to gypsies
wedding still when you're wearing your
helmet and your shades no one could tell
it's you unless of course you've got
your name on the back eeeh lettuce